life-cycle: Add documentation about force stop (#540)
kubevirt/user-guide: docs/virtual_machines/lifecycle.md

> deleted from the cluster. You will not be able to start this
> VirtualMachineInstance object again.

## Starting and stopping a virtual machine

Virtual machines, in contrast to VirtualMachineInstances, have a running state. Thus on VM you can define if it

> should be running, or not. VirtualMachineInstaces are, if they are defined in the cluster, always running and consuming resources.

Reviewer: @fabiand Typo in `VirtualMachineInsta(n)ces`: [...]VirtualMachineInstances are, [...]

`virtctl` is used in order to start and stop a VirtualMachine:

    $ virtctl start my-vm
    $ virtctl stop my-vm

>     # Or force stop a VM by

Reviewer 2: @fabiand  Maybe we should also warn about the implication of this action.

>     $ virtctl stop my-vm --grace-period 0 --force

Reviewer: Perhaps, we should add a note: `Note: Using `--force` immediately removes the VirtualMachineInstance pod from API and bypasses graceful deletion. This can result in inconsistency or data loss.`

>     $ virtctl stop my-vm --grace-period 0 --force

Author: @fossedihelm see line 16 - there we create a VM

Fixed the wording

> deleted from the cluster. You will not be able to start this
> VirtualMachineInstance object again.

## Starting and stopping a virtual machine

Virtual machines, in contrast to VirtualMachineInstances, have a running state. Thus on VM you can define if it
should be running, or not. VirtualMachineInstances are, if they are defined in the cluster, always running and consuming resources.

`virtctl` is used in order to start and stop a VirtualMachine:

    $ virtctl start my-vm
    $ virtctl stop my-vm
    
    # Or force stop a VM (which is like pulling the power cord,

>     # with all it's implications like data inconcistencies or

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    # with all its implications like data inconsistencies or
```
